This armor is an excellent one.
It is complete.
It belonged to the Admiral of Castile, Enrique's family, and it was a Milanese make.
And the analogy is that even in those days the Italians were great fabric makers, armor makers, weapons makers.
quality that you see in these armors is now reflected in their fashion.
They're people of taste.
So this really wasn't constructed for function as much as... No, no, it was constructed for function, but it's decorated beautifully.
And that was this armor of the 17th century where armor was beginning to be eliminated.
But the nobles still had them.
Once the guns came in, these things were necessary.
Yeah, true.
I mean, these were for arrows, I guess.
Okay, I'm going to shoot a few pictures.
Where can I put this cigar so I don't want to?
Wait here.
You don't mind?
Not at all.
It's so great to meet somebody who loves a good cigar.
Do you notice that the men of that period were not very tall?
But you have to carry seventy-five pounds on them, see.
You can leave.
There it is.
Okay.
I'm really embarrassed.
What's wrong with my lens?
Maybe I was on the train too long today, huh?
There it is.
It didn't work.
It didn't work?
This is a night bomb.
It's never failed.
What in the world just happens here?
I need about two seconds to collect myself.
What is Murphy's Law?
Yeah.
Firearms.
They love beautiful things, I guess.
Beautiful things.
And what is it about old, old things that... Well, they'll never be done again.
They will never be the artisans that made them.
And everything is very cheap today.
When you go to Mexico, for instance, you don't find the treasure of the Aztecs there.
You find some stuff that you see at the airports.
And this is all armor here.
So I'll call Dale and I'm sure she'll be able to get me some.